class.bind8.php 1.0b is an abstracted class to control Bind 8.x's config files.
Bind has quite a number of config files and we presently cannot focus on all of them.
This release focuses on named.conf and it's respective zone files in the format:
<domain name>.db.

I have attempted to keep this class completely self contained, relying ONLY on the
graces of Zend to implement everything.  I have not addressed any issues regarding
server restarting, or any other server control.  I don't believe that should be a 
concern of a php class.  Perhaps a server control class?

To use this class, simply dump it into a convenient directory and edit it's 
variable defaults, namely, where named.conf and the zone db files reside.

This class is not designed to function with more then 1 Bind daemon.  While you
CAN overload the variables before calling initialize and use this class on the
config files of many Bind daemons, performance will choke since ALL the processes
will lock on named.conf reads or writes, regardless of which file it is.
This will be addressed in the next version, as well as performance issues.

I also do not address IN-ADDR.ARPA (reverse lookups) in so much as we ignore them.
We basically treat them as regular zones.  DO NOT try to add a reverse as you would
a regular zone with the functions provided!  You will create an invalid reverse lookup
file.  An addReverse() function will be added (and delReverse too)!

SNAFU alert:  DO NOT.  I repeat DO NOT, ever activate the same domain with any concurrent
processes.  There is NO LOCKING on the domain.db file.  Only the named.conf file uses
locking.  In activate(), I've extended this locking to include dnsWritefile(). BUT
dnsWriteFile() has no locking itself, so potential snafu's COULD happen!

Version 1.0b written by Alexey Zilber alex@dayak.com
Recent versions can be gotten from http://phpbind.sourceforge.net

Props to Sourceforge for a kick-ass dev center.

TO-DO:

NOW:
+ Create all the del* functions (still unfinished), except for delReverse().

Next minor version:
+ addReverse()
+ clean Multi-named.conf support (perhaps abtracting the locking mechanism).
+ domain.db file locking to prevent work on same domain by multiple servers.

Next Major version:
+ Full shared mem support use to store checksums of named.conf to prevent multiple
read/write passes.
+ more as I think them up...
